Get incidents by query parameter change (#17858)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_18_11.md

#### Scripts
##### GetIncidentsByQuery

> - Changed default parameters in **GetIncidentsByQuery** limit changes from 3000 to 500 page size from 500 to 100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the default values of the *limit* and the *pageSize* parameters.
```
